docs: hint on line and timestamp functions in docs for line_format stage (#12740)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/log_queries/_index.md

The above query will give us the `line` as `1.1.1.1 200 3`

> Additionally, you can also access the log line using the [`__line__`]({{< relref "../template_functions#__line__" >}}) function and the timestamp using the [`__timestamp__`]({{< relref "../template_functions#__timestamp__" >}}) function. See [template functions]({{< relref "../template_functions" >}}) to learn about available functions in the template format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can also access the log line using the [`__line__`](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/query/template_functions/#__line__) function and the timestamp using the [`__timestamp__`](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/query/template_functions/#__timestamp__) function. See [template functions](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/<LOKI_VERSION>/query/template_functions/) to learn about available functions in the template format.
```
